enh: add whatsapp template messages documentation (#6)
callbellchat/callbell-public-docs: docs/api_reference/template_messages_api/introduction.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

Templates API allows to recover details regarding the template messages used on Callbell.

:::caution

> At the moment we **only** support template messages for Whatsapp API (Gupshup) integrations, therefore the only template messages available are the ones approved for WhatsApp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment we **only** support template messages for WhatsApp Business API (Gupshup) integrations, which needs to be pre-approved by WhatsApp itself. For further information regarding template approvals please reach out to us.
```

Author: I'll add it in a new PR, thanks for the suggestion 👍🏼
